Graphs are an example of non-linear data structures. 
A graph is a collection of nodes connected through edges. 
A graph G = (V, E) is technically a collection of vertices(nodes) and edges connecting these vertices. 

Types of Edges:
1) Directed Edge - A directed edge is an edge connecting two nodes but strictly defines the way it is connected from and to.
2) Undirected Edge - An undirected edge is an edge connecting two nodes from the way

Types of Graphs:
1) Directed graph - Directed graphs are graphs having each of its edges directed.
2) Undirected graph - Undirected graphs are graphs having each of its edges undirected.

Indegree and Outdegree of a node:
indegree of a node is the number of edges coming to the node,
and outdegree of a node is the number of edges originating from that node.

Ways to represent a graph:
1) Adjacency List - Mark the nodes with their neighbours
2) Adjacency Matrix - Aij = 1, if there is an edge between i and j, 0 otherwise.
3) Edge Set - Store the pair of nodes/vertices connected with an edge. Example: {(0, 1), (0, 4), (1, 4)}.
4) (Other) implementations to represent a graph also exist. 
   For example, Compact list representation, cost adjacency list, cost adjacency matrix, etc.
    
    diagram* link : https://www.codewithharry.com/videos/data-structures-and-algorithms-in-hindi-84/

Graph Traversal:
process of visiting (checking and/or updating) each vertex (node) in a graph.
algorithms that are used for traversing a graph. They are:
    1) Breadth-First Search (BFS)
    2) Depth First Search (DFS)


Subgraphs:
A subgraph of a graph G is a graph whose vertices and edges are subsets of the original graph G. 

Complete Graphs:
A complete graph is a simple undirected graph in which every pair of distinct vertices is connected by a unique edge.

Spanning Trees:
As we learnt, a subgraph of a graph G is a graph whose vertices and edges are subsets of the original graph G. 
Hence, a connected subgraph ‘S’ of a graph G (V, E) is said to be a spanning tree of the graph if and only if:
1) All the vertices of G are present in S,
2) No. of edges in S should be |V|-1, where |V| represents the number of vertices.  

Cost of a Spanning Tree:
The cost of the spanning tree is the sum of the weights of all the edges in the tree.

